Provide solutions to following problems in the empty files given in this repository. There are numerous "Introduction to Python" tutorials and textbooks available online and via Seneca's digital library which you can reference.

Good coding practices from your previous courses should be used. The submitted functions should also be annotated with docstrings as described here.

(10 points) Write a Python function getPrimeNumbers(n) which returns a list containing all prime numbers between 2 and n. Create a helper function to determine if a particular number is prime and then use a comprehension to generate your list.

(20 points) Write a Python function graphSnowfall(t) which retrives data in a text file t and displays that information in a bar chart.

The file will have a single number on each line representing the amount of snowfall accumulation for a given day. Aggregate these values so that each one contributes to a particular 10 cm range. For example, a file containing

10

15

45

5

20

25

would have

2 between 0-10cms
2 between 11-20cms
1 between 21-30cms
0 between 31-40cms
1 between 41-50cms
Use module matplotlib to plot a bar graph showing your results. The x-axis should show the ranges and the y-axis should show the number of occurances in that range.

(15 points) Write a Python function wordCount(t) which retrives data in a text file t and returns a dictionary where the keys are unique words in the files and the corresponding values are lists of line numbers where the words are found in the text.
(25 points) Write a Python function printStats(t) which retrives data in a text file t which reads in lines of numbers. For each line read in, the function must call a decorator function which prints
the numbers read
the count of the numbers read
the average of the numbers
the maximum of the numbers
(10 points) Consider the following code blocks which generate the same output.
(7 points) Describe what each program snippet does to compute its results.
(3 points) What type of function is doubleG(n)? What is the advantage of using such a function?